linux
	commands :- done

AWS
	services :- almost (pending few services)
	EC2:-
			
	vpc :-
			
	rds :-
			
	s3 :-
			
	IAM :-
			
	lambda :-
			
	cloudwatch :-
			
	SNS :-
			Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) sends notifications two ways, A2A and A2P. A2A
			provides high-throughput, push-based, many-to-many messaging between distributed systems,
			microservices, and event-driven serverless applications. These applications include Amazon
			Simple Queue Service (SQS), Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, AWS Lambda, and other HTTPS
			endpoints. A2P functionality lets you send messages to your customers with SMS texts, push
			notifications, and email. 
			
	cloud trail :-
			AWS CloudTrail is an AWS service that helps you enable operational and risk auditing,
			governance, and compliance of your AWS account. Actions taken by a user, role, or an AWS
			service are recorded as events in CloudTrail. Events include actions taken in the AWS
			Management Console, AWS Command Line Interface, and AWS SDKs and APIs.
			
	cloud front :-
			Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic
			web content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront delivers
			your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations. When a
			user requests content that you're serving with CloudFront, the request is routed to the
			edge location that provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is delivered
			with the best possible performance.
			If the content is already in the edge location with the lowest latency, CloudFront
			delivers it immediately.
			If the content is not in that edge location, CloudFront retrieves it from an origin that
			you've defined—such as an Amazon S3 bucket, a MediaPackage channel, or an HTTP server (for
			example, a web server) that you have identified as the source for the definitive version of
			your content.

	route 53 :-
			Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service.
			Route 53 connects user requests to internet applications running on AWS or on-premises.
		
		
	AWS Artifact :-
			AWS Artifact provides on-demand downloads of AWS security and compliance documents, such
			as AWS ISO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and Service Organization
			Control (SOC) reports. You can submit the security and compliance documents (also known as
			audit artifacts) to your auditors or regulators to demonstrate the security
			and compliance of the AWS infrastructure and services that you use.
	
	
	
	
	other topics:-
		Global accelerator :-
			AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that helps you improve the availability,
			performance, and security of your public applications. Global Accelerator provides two
			global static public IPs that act as a fixed entry point to your application endpoints,
			such as Application Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
			(EC2) instances, and elastic IPs.

		auto scaling :-
			AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain
			steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using AWS Auto Scaling, it’s
			easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources across multiple services in
			minutes.
			
		transit gateway:-
			AWS Transit Gateway connects your Amazon Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) and on-premises
			networks through a central hub. This connection simplifies your network and puts an end to
			complex peering relationships. Transit Gateway acts as a highly scalable cloud router—each
			new connection is made only once.


		site to site VPN :-
		
			instances that you launch into an Amazon VPC can't communicate with your own (remote)
			network. You can enable access to your remote network from your VPC by creating an AWS
			Site-to-Site VPN (Site-to-Site VPN) connection, and configuring routing to pass traffic
			through the connection.
			
			Customer gateway:
			An AWS resource which provides information to AWS about your customer gateway device.
			
			Virtual private gateway:-
			A virtual private gateway is the VPN endpoint on the Amazon side of your Site-to-Site VPN
			connection that can be attached to a single VPC.


	Nginx :- done
	
		It is an open-source, fast, lightweight and high-performance web server that can be used to serve
		static files.
		we can say that Nginx is just a kind of software that is used in web servers to serve concurrent
		requests.
		Previously we used to install Apache in web servers to handle these functions, but as the world,
		in growing and demanding more things at one time, the term concurrency comes into the world and
		nginx launched for the same thing.

Freelancer
	zimbra :- basics done
		Zimbra is a collaborative computer program that is composed of emails, calendars, contacts,
		documents, etc. That is, it is a web-based application package that can be deployed as an on
		premises private cloud or in the form of an external public cloud service.
		The software consists of both client and server components. Zimbra also provides native two-way
		sync to many mobile devices.
	LAMP server :- done
		linux , apache, mysql, php-perl-python
	phpmyadmin :- done
		phpMyAdmin is a free software tool written in PHP, intended to handle the administration of MySQL 
		ver the Web. phpMyAdmin supports a wide range of operations on MySQL and MariaDB. Frequently used
		operations (managing databases, tables, columns, relations, indexes, users, permissions, etc) can
		be performed via the user interface, while you still have the ability to directly execute any SQL
		statement.


	

	
